QuickTitling - 
    Can be found in the sequence editor properties panel.
    This will create and edit simple scenes for title overlays.
    A set of pre-made titles are included with the script, they will be placed in the
    script folder, under a sub directory of 'Presets'.  Each preset has a preview image
    with the same name as the preset .xml file to assist in selecting the correct preset.
    A few simple textures are included as well, which some of the presets use.  These
    will need to be reloaded when a preset is imported, and will be in the 
    /Presets/Textures directory.
    Keep in mind that any pre-made titles are intended for use with a 16:9 aspect ratio,
    vertical positioning of objects may not appear correct in other display ratios.
    Lowering the scene length below the length of the animations may cause issues.
    
Scene Editing - 
    QuickTitling generates standard blender scenes that can be edited after they are
    generated.  If you wish to edit the scene, it is recommended to remove 'QuickTitle:'
    from the scene name, this will prevent QuickTitling from updating the scene and
    overwriting anything you may have changed, but it will also prevent the usage of
    the interface to adjust title settings.
    New objects can be added and scene or render settings can be changed without issues.
    If you wish to change a material, any settings not covered by the QuickTitling
    interface should be able to be changed without reverting.  Extra textures can
    be added to objects, just for an image type make sure they are using texture slots
    other than the first two.  
    If you wish to edit an object, it is recommended to rename it, this will prevent
    QuickTitling from finding the object.  After you rename it, delete it from the
    object list or it will be re-created on the next update.
    
Dialog - 
    When a created QuickTitle is selected, the settings can be adjusted and will
        be shown in real-time.  It is recommended to enable OpenGL preview in the
        sequencer preview area to keep editing quick.
   
    To start with, only two options are available: New Title Preset, and Import.
        New Title Preset - Create a new blank scene for editing.
        Import - Import a title preset from a .xml file.
    
    Once a preset is created, the preset editor is displayed:
        Create New Title - Create a new title scene using the preset.
        Auto-Update Titles - When enabled, if a title is selected,
            changed settings will automatically update the title.  This is not
            valid for preset creation mode.
    
        Select Preset Area:
            New and Import buttons can be used to add new presets to the list.
            The drop-down menu will allow selecting a preset for editing or to 
                create a new title with.
            Copy will duplicate the current preset.  Make sure to rename afterwards.
            Export will save the current preset to a .xml file.
    
    Create or select a preset to change this editor area:
        Update Title - When Auto-Update is not enabled, this can be used to manually
            update all of a title's settings.
        Render To Image - This will create a .png image of the title with the current
            settings.  This can be used once a title is finalized to speed up the
            final render process.  Any changes made to the title will not auto-update
            the image!  Note that this is a static image and any animations will not
            be shown.
        The preset area will only show the name for the current title scene settings.
        The Export button will now save a preview .jpg image of the title as well as
            the .xml settings file.
        Copy Preset Back To Scene - Copy the QuickTitle settings back to the presets
            of the main scene.  Any presets with the same name will be overwritten,
            if no presets with the same name exist, one will be created.
    
    Global Preset Settings:
        Preset Name - Give this preset a unique name.
        Description - A text field to describe this preset.
        Scene Length - Length of this title preset in frames.
        Z Depth Scale - Determines the depth distance between objects in the title.
            This affects shadows as well.  A value of 0 will result in all objects
            placed on the same plane.
        Objects List - A list of the objects in the current QuickTitle preset.
            Order in the list determines which objects will be placed above each
            other.  Objects at the top of the list will be above objects at
            the bottom.  Use the arrows to the right to rearrange objects for layering.
        Add - Use these buttons to add objects of the basic types.
        
    Object Types:
        All objects have position, rotation, scale, shearing and material settings that
            can be changed.
        Text - A text object.  Thickness, displayed text and font can be changed for
            this object type.
        Image - A still image or video.  A texture and a transparent texture can be added
            to this object type.
        Box - A basic square or rectangle.  A thickness can be added to this object.
        Circle - A basic circle or oval.  A thickness can be added to this object.

    Object Settings:
        Depending on the object type, these settings can vary.
        Object Name - Identifier to help spot this in the object list.
        
        Text Options:
            These settings will only be visible when a text type object is selected.
            Text - The text to be displayed by this object.
            Font Dropdown - Select a loaded font from the list, or press the '+' button
                to load a new font.  After being loaded, this font will be selectable by
                other text objects.
            Wrapping - Enable this to limit the horizontal size of the text area so long
                lines do not go off screen.  Note that wrapping will behave differently
                depending on which text justification mode is selected.
            Width - Wrapping width.  The actual size varies based on object scale.  
                At a scale of 1, 1 is the standard screen width, .5 is half width, 
                minimum setting will result in one word per line.
            Text Justification Select - Select how the text will be wrapped from 
                line-to-line, and where the text will be placed in relation to the
                text object's center point.
                Left will result in the text's start point always being in the same location
                Center will result in the text's center always being in the same location
                Right will result in the text's right side always being in the same location
                Justify will attempt to make the text fit the textbox width by increasing the
                    distance between words.
                Flush will attempt to make the text fit the textbox width by increasing the
                    distance between letters.
            
        General Options:
            Pos - Position of this object in 3d space.
                X is the horizontal location - 0 is centered, -1 is the left side of the
                    screen, 1 is the right side of the screen.
                Y is the vertical location - 0 is centered.  Top and bottom values vary 
                    depending on the aspect ratio of the image.  For standard 16:9 ratio
                    0.56 is the top of the screen, -0.56 will be the bottom.
                Z is the 3d location offset - This is not a true location value, but it is 
                    relative based on this object's location in the object list.  Increasing
                    this value over the Z Depth Scale amount can result in this object moving
                    above other objects.
            Rot - Rotation of this object in 3d space.
                These values are in degrees. Be careful rotating an object too far on the 
                    x or y axis as it may intersect with other objects.
                X will control the forward and back tilt of this object.
                Y will control the left and right wobble of this object.  
                Z will control the spin of this object relative to the view.
            Shearing - This setting will skew this object forward or backwards.  Use on text
                to give it an italic effect, use on box types to create a rhombus shape.
                Use on image types to warp the image.
            Scale - Overall size of this object.  1 is the default, .5 will result in half-size,
                2 will result in double-size.
            Width and Height - Just like the scale multiplier, but will only affect one direction.
        
        Thickness Options:
            These settings are only visible when text, box or circle objects are selected.
            Amount - How much thickness or extrusion is added to this object.
            Bevel - Adds a cut edge to this object, giving it a more 3d look.  This value and
                the Amount must not total more than the Z Depth Scale or this object may 
                intersect other objects
            Resolution - Determines the number of subdivisions applied to the bevel edge.  
                Higher values will result in a more rounded edge, but may increase render times.
            
        Material Settings:
            Set Material - When this is enabled, the material of this object can be selected
                 from a list of materials in the .blend file.  This can be useful for setting
                 multiple objects to the same color or adding special effects like mirror that
                 are not covered in the settings.
            Use No Shading - Make this object a flat color with no shading or specularity.
                Image objects have this set on by default.
            Cast Shadows - Allows this object to cast shadows on objects behind it.  Note that
                even when shadows are disabled on this object, they still will show in the 
                preview window if it is set to OpenGL preview mode, but the final render will
                look correct.
            Material Color - Click this to set the overall color of this material.
            Specular - Set the amount of specularity or shininess for this material.
            Hardness - Change the size of the specular reflection for this material.  Higher
                values result in a sharper and smaller shininess.
            Specular Color - Click this to set the specular color.  Darker colors will reduce
                the amount of specularity.
            Transparency - Enable to allow this object to be partially transparent.
            Alpha - Controls the amount of transparency - 1 is no transparency, 0 is fully transparent.
            
            For an image type object, the following values are also available:
            Texture - The path to an image or video that will change the coloring of this object.
                If this texture has transparency information encoded in it, enabling transparency
                above will show those areas as transparent.
            Alpha Texture - The path to an image or video that will define transparent areas of this
                object.  White areas will be opaque, black areas will be transparent gray or colored
                areas will be partially transparency depending on their brightness. Note that 
                loading an alpha texture will automatically enable transparency above, and the 
                transparency from this texture will only be visible while that setting is active.
            
        Animations:
            All objects can be animated individually, and in multiple ways.
                Only one animation of each type is allowed on each object, for instance,
                only one X Slide can be added, adding another will overwrite the X Slide settings.
            Add Animation Menu - Select an animation preset to be added from the list.
            Apply To All Objects - Apply all the animations and settings added to this object
                to all other objects in the title.
            Animations List - A list of each animation added to this object.  Click the 'X' to
                remove the animation, or select it to change the settings below.
            Animate In - Enables animating this value at the beginning of the title.
            Animate Out - Enables animating this value at the end of the title.
            In Length - Length in frames the starting animation will be.
            Out Length - Length in frames the ending animation will be.
            In Frame Offset - Delay the starting animation by a number of frames.  0 will result 
                in the animation starting at the beginning of the title, positive numbers will
                delay the animation, negative numbers will cause the animation to start before the
                title is displayed.
            Out Frame Offset - Delay the ending animation by a number of frames.  Negative numbers
                will result in the animation starting earlier, positive numbers will delay the
                animation past the end of the title.
            In Amount - Starting value that this animation will be given.  Setting this to 0 for
                an alpha animation will result in it starting as invisible and changing to the 
                current alpha setting.  Setting this to -90 for a rotation animation will result 
                in the object starting rotated 90 degrees left, and ending at the set rotation.
            Out Amount - Same as In Amount, but sets the value at the end of the out animation.
        
    Title Shadows:
        Shadow Amount - Sets the overall opacity of the shadows.  1 is full shadows, 0 is no shadows.
        Distance - Sets the 3d position of the shadow casting lamp.  Higher values result in shadows
            closer to the casting object, lower values will cause the shadows to be further from the
            casting object.  Setting this too low or high may cause the shadows to disappear.
        Soft - Controls the amount of blurring applied to the shadows.  Higher values result in
            softer shadows, but will increase render times.  Setting this to 0 will result in
            completely sharp shadows.
        X Offset - Controls the horizontal position of the shadow casting lamp.  Setting this too
            high may result in the shadows disappearing.
        Y Offset - Controls the vertical position of the shadow casting lamp.  Setting this too
            high may result in the shadows disappearing.
        High Quality Shadows - Sets the shadow rendering to ray traced mode.  This results in
            much more accurate and nice looking shadows, but render times will be greatly increased.
    
    
    
